Rename `govuk-typography-responsive` to `govuk-font-size` (#4291)
alphagov/govuk-frontend: CHANGELOG.md

## Unreleased

> ### Replace instances of `govuk-typography-responsive` with `govuk-font-size`
> 
> We have renamed the Sass mixin `govuk-typography-responsive` to `govuk-font-size` and have deprecated `govuk-typography-responsive`. You can still use `govuk-typography-responsive` but we will be removing it in the next breaking release (6.0.0).
> 
> This is an experimental change based on our hypothesis that `govuk-font-size` as a name better communicates what the Sass mixin's intended use is better than `govuk-typography-responsive`. We're interested in feedback from the community on this change so please let us know what you think of this name change.
> 
> This change was introduced in [pull request #4291: Rename `govuk-typography-responsive` to `govuk-font-size`](https://github.com/alphagov/govuk-frontend/pull/4291)

Reviewer: Suggestion to slightly simplify the sentences.

```suggestion
### Replace instances of `govuk-typography-responsive` with `govuk-font-size`

We've renamed the Sass mixin `govuk-typography-responsive` to `govuk-font-size` and have deprecated `govuk-typography-responsive`. You can still use `govuk-typography-responsive` but we'll be removing it in a future breaking release (6.0.0).

This is an experimental change, based on our hypothesis that `govuk-font-size` as a name better communicates the Sass mixin's intended use than `govuk-typography-responsive`. We're interested in feedback from the community on this name change so please let us know what you think.

This change was introduced in [pull request #4291: Rename `govuk-typography-responsive` to `govuk-font-size`](https://github.com/alphagov/govuk-frontend/pull/4291)
```
